gh-85162: Add HTTPSServer to http.server (#129607)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  module allow the browser to apply its default dark mode.
  (Contributed by Yorik Hansen in :gh:`123430`.)

> * The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
>   new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. This class is a subclass of
>   :class:`http.server.HTTPServer` that enables TLS encryption with the
>   :mod:`ssl` module. To use HTTPS from the command line, new options have been
>   added to ``python -m http.server``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
  new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. Furthermore, the following command-line
  options have been added to ``python -m http.server``:
```

>   * ``--tls-cert <path>``: Path to the TLS certificate file.
>   * ``--tls-key <path>``: Optional path to the private key file.
>   * ``--tls-password-file <path>``: Optional path to the password for the private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``--tls-cert <path>``: Path to the TLS certificate file.
  * ``--tls-key <path>``: Optional path to the private key file.
  * ``--tls-password-file <path>``: Optional path to the password file for the private key.
```

  module allow the browser to apply its default dark mode.
  (Contributed by Yorik Hansen in :gh:`123430`.)

* The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
  new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. Furthermore, the following command-line
  options have been added to ``python -m http.server``:

>   * ``--tls-cert <path>``: Path to the TLS certificate file.

Reviewer: For a follow-up PR, I'd like to be able to have links to that. I think we can create an issue for adding links to all command-line programs (docs only). It would be helpful for modules where the command-line interface is burried in a huge page.

  module allow the browser to apply its default dark mode.
  (Contributed by Yorik Hansen in :gh:`123430`.)

> * The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
>   new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. Furthermore, the following command-line
>   options have been added to ``python -m http.server``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
  new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. This functionality is exposed by
  the command-line interface (``python -m http.server``) through the following
  options:
```

  module allow the browser to apply its default dark mode.
  (Contributed by Yorik Hansen in :gh:`123430`.)

* The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the

>   new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. This functionality is exposed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer` class. This functionality is exposed by
```

> * The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
>   new :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer` class. This functionality is exposed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`http.server` module now supports serving over HTTPS using the
  :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer` class. This functionality is exposed by
```
